I'm wrapping now for attention.
Before he gets the session underway,
and while we have the opportunity,
while Santa Fe was Monday's making his little sense.
Chair, I'd like to begin by welcoming our guests
who have come into the committee room.
I have you, the committee, happy to have you.
Watching one of your congressional committees in operation.
Chair, I'd like to have the audience listen very carefully
to what he's going to say next.
Because we observed that before the meeting began,
there were some applause as various principles
and committee members entered the room.
Perhaps you have not been fouling your hearings
and do not realize that it's strictly forbidden.
And Chair, rather than trying to have anybody removed
from the room, the Vilege and that committee rule,
has instructed the officers to begin today.
It would be particularly alerted
and to remove from the room immediately.
Without any prisoners,
unlikely but firmly,
with the authorities that they have vested in them
by the Congress of the United States,
anyone, a party,
or anyone engaging in any other audible manifestations
of approval or disapproval.
That is a firm rule,
that is a continuing rule,
that is a rule that committee expects our officers
to enforce completely.
Without any further instruction from the Chair
and those instructions are from the committee and provide
that they should be carried out both by the uniform members
of the Capitol Police Force that you see before you
and the plain clothesmen scattered through the arms.
Now you have all been warned as you have been warned.
If you decide the Vilege determines
under which you enter the room and are removed,
you have removed yourself,
because you have failed to comply
with the regulations of this committee and of these hearings.
I feel with that explanation
we will not have any further interruption by people
who seek to disrupt a hearing
which they have come to observe.
As we concluded that the hearing yesterday,
Senator Simonton had a few minutes left,
a few ten minutes,
but tells me that he had concluded his questions,
so we will switch to next to Senator Bushach,
who has not yet come from the committee room.
He not being here that you already recognize
you, Mr. Corners, Senator McCartney,
attend next.
Mr. Corners, I have no question.
Senator, you have no question.
Mr. Welfare, Mr. Sinclair, for ten minutes.
I will just start with the question.
Sorry, I wanted to ask the question.
Senator McCartney, believe your mic before I think
it has not turned on or else your voice has gotten worse.
We can't hear you.
I am just getting the hang of it.
Mr. Carr, I think yesterday you mentioned that
we received FBI reports occasionally
from the answer I gathered,
but they might have been the feeling
that you had received the FBI reports.
Any FBI reports from directives me as a guy?
Yes sir.
Any clearance, secrets of secret confidential
would come to me and you would only learn about that
by hearing about it from me, is it right?
Yes sir, that's practice.
Nothing further, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you very much, Mr. Welfare.
Mr. Sinclair, attend next.
Mr. Carr, yesterday you may recall,
we were discussing the meeting that you and Mr. Corn
had with the Secretary on October 2nd.
You recall, sir?
Yes sir.
And I believe you had testified in substance
that the Secretary in the course of that meeting
brought up the question of shine by stating in substance
that shine was not going to get a commission.
You recall that?
Yes sir.
And I guess I barely outlined your testimony, have I not?
Yes sir, I didn't say that he had...
I didn't specifically say,
he brought it up as I recall,
I think I said that it was my recollection
that the Secretary had brought this matter up,
or started the conversation.
Well, do you now wish to suggest that perhaps you could be wrong, Mr. Carr?
No, I don't think I'm wrong.
That's your best recollection.
The Secretary brought it up in the manner that you and I have discussed.
Right.
Now we were discussing that fact in connection with what work
you had outlined for private shine.
Do you recall?
Not specifically not, sir.
Well, in any event, that news was the first you heard of,
it was not Mr. Carr.
Well, not, as I said yesterday,
I thought that was the first time that I had learned
that Mr. Shine would not receive a commission.
That's right.
Did you know that Mr. Shine had received formal notification
that he was not going to get a commission on July 31, 1953?
No, I did not.
Did you know that General Weber testified that he told Mr. Cone
about that time that Shine was not qualified?
I think I heard General Weber's testimony.
All right.
But in so far as you were concerned,
the first you heard of it was on October 2nd.
Yes, that's the best of my recollection.
So that up to that time,
apparently we agreed yesterday,
but if not say so,
you thought that Shine was likely to get a commission,
isn't that correct?
I didn't know whether he was.
He was.
And I thought that he would.
I thought that.
Well, you heard that General Weber is supposed to have said he would.
I'm not sure whether I heard that at that time,
or whether I heard General Weber say these things.
I heard the testimony,
but I'm not sure that it will happen.
I'm not sure that it will happen.
General Weber testified that he promised the commission.
I'm just suggesting that your associates have so testified,
and apparently must have told you that fact too.
Well, I don't recall that they ever told me that at that time.
Well, in any event you must have been counting on Mr. Shine
as a member of your committee up until the date of October 2nd,
until that time I hadn't given it too much consideration.
I thought he was getting a reserve commission.
You thought he was going to get a commission?
That's right.
Well, then you must have been counting on his not being available to you
then in the reasonably near future.
After that time I was pretty sure I'd known him yet.
Well, up to that time,
you thought that he was going to get a commission and get it soon.
Did you know?
Quite frankly, I didn't give it as much thought as far as the commission was concerned.
I knew he had applied for reserve commission.
That's about the size of it.
Well, in any event when you learned the fact he was not going to get it,
it meant that there had to be some change in your plans
and it was an important event for you or not.
It wasn't an important event, but I did give it consideration.
This man was important to the staff of this committee, was he not?
Yes, he was.
And a change in his military status to you as a director must have been an important event.
Is that right?
It was worth considering and I did consider it.
Well, I don't want to push you too far, but it was worth a considerable amount of consideration.
I gave it a considerable amount of consideration.
You did?
That's right.
Don't you consider it a rather singular event, Mr. Cod,
that you did not mention that fact in your memorandum of October 2nd?
What fact is that, sir?
That shine was not going to get a commission?
No.
Well, it was an important thing, you said.
I don't think it was that important.
Well, you mentioned a lot of things in that memorandum, but you did not mention this fact, did you?
That's correct. I might have looked it out. I might have put it in.
Well, as a matter of fact, your memorandum of October 2nd is slightly inconsistent with that fact.
It is not, Mr. Cod.
I don't think so. I didn't.
Well, I call your attention, sir, to the 2nd paragraph of it in the 4th line.
Let me read to that sentence to begin on the 3rd line of the 2nd paragraph.
During the course of the conversation, Dave shines pending induction.
And I emphasize the words, pending induction into the army came up.
Have I read that sentence correctly?
That's correct.
Now, if his induction was pending on October 2nd, that is inconsistent with the fact that you testified to,
that you thought he was going to get a commission until the secretary told you otherwise.
Yes, but I didn't write this memorandum until I talked to the secretary.
Yes, but you're referring to a conversation concerning a pending induction.
Now you testified that the conversation was not concerning a pending induction,
but was concerning the fact he was not going to get a commission.
No, no, I haven't testified.
You say, as if I testified only to that fact, I testified also to the fact that the secretary said,
as I said, my memorandum, that he intended to use Mr. Shine to the advantage of the army
by sending him to intelligent schools.
That is certainly true, but let's get back to the fact that you testified, sir,
that the secretary told you on October 2nd.
That Shine was not signed to get a commission.
That's my recollection.
In the first place, you make no mention of that fact in this memorandum, do you?
No.
Even though you considered it some important.
I considered it some important.
I don't consider it so much important that I had to put it in the memorandum.
I'll go think to the left out of the memorandum, too.
And also, in view of the fact that you stayed in the memorandum,
the conversation was concerning a pending induction.
Now if I refresh your recollection to some extent, Mr. Chai,
that perhaps you're mistaken about the conversation of the secretary and the commission?
No, I'm not mistaken.
You're not mistaken.
No.
So that you stayed now that the secretary brought it up by informing you
that Shine was not going to get a commission?
No, he didn't bring it up by informing me.
He brought up the subject of Shine, and he was the first one that,
that in my recollection of during this conversation,
said that Shine wasn't going to get a commission.
Well, now you say he did not bring it up by stating that Shine wasn't going to get a commission?
No, sir.
Well, let me ask you this.
There was some discussion beyond that point, right?
Beyond the point of the commission?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
And you said, I, in substance, I believe, that Mr. Column indicated his ascent
to what you claim the secretary had outlined for this private.
This intelligent school arrangement and that sort of thing?
Yes, I think Mr. Column said, let's find something more.
Did Mr. Column put it any stronger than just agreement,
or did he try to urge it on the secretary?
So as I recall, I was the secretary's statement.
The secretary is the one that mentioned the school, not Mr. Column.
But Mr. Column indicated his ascent, is that correct?
He indicated that was fine.
Yes.
Was it fine with you, Mr. Car?
It didn't make any difference to me.
It made no difference to you.
No, sir.
But it made some difference to Mr. Column.
I don't think you're great deal of difference, but he said that's fine.
All right.
Now, I think it testified yesterday that as early as October the 8th or October the 9th,
John Adams indicated to you that he thought maybe the committee ought to call off their hearings
on the Fort Monmouth investigation.
Is that correct?
Well, at that point, excuse me.
At that point, Mr. Adams indicated he thought there should be no hearings on the Fort Monmouth situation.
Well, I didn't know.
He had it a little stronger than I made it then.
Well, I had it made it to you, you ought to not have any.
Yeah, we had not started having hearings at that time.
Well, when was your first hearing?
I think the first executive hearing was on the 12th of October.
Was by significant date the last over without refresher recollections?
Now, the 8th of October as I testified, Mr. Adams was, and I think I'm correct on this.
Mr. Adams was in attendance at interviews of persons who worked at Fort Monmouth staff interviews.
The executive sessions did not start until Senator McCarthy arrived in New York,
so that witnesses could be sworn.
So, it's your testimony that John Adams wanted to call the executive sessions off,
even before they started, is that right?
Well, I don't say he wanted to call the executive sessions off.
I say that John Adams, on the 8th or about the 8th during the period of these staff interviews,
suggested that there was no need for having any hearings at all.
Well, that was before they had even started, was it not?
That's correct.
So, the Summon Substance of it is that Duke testified that on Adams wanted to call him off
before they had even started.
If you want to post that, why that's that would be all right.
Well, I don't want to be unfair with you, but it's a fact.
That won't hurt me, sir.
No, that's all right.
All right.
The family is fair, sir.
Who had any questions?
No questions.
A chair will pass, and a metallion.
Questions?
Not a call, unless two or three more questions, I believe.
Well, that's an included yesterday.
I believe you had agreed with me that the charge was against the second day of the arms.
The second day of the arm and the SR Adams were quite serious.
Yes, sir.
Then, from your personal measure, you have already stated, and from the charges,
to which we have referred.
Generally, I didn't call each one specific to your attention, but you're familiar with it.
Would you agree with me about the conduct that will secondale the army
and the missile add on to these charges, or should work quite improperly?
Well, I think that we're improper, yes.
Don't you think they're quite brave?
If I take into account the security of our country,
if they were actually trying to protect as charged, those who were
both texting commoners in our government and in the army, wouldn't you say they're quite brave?
Yes, sir.
I don't think it's my position to pass on such matters, but I agree with you, they're serious and great.
And they should have been exposed if that was true.
I would be happy to have them exposed, yes.
Would they have been exposed in your judgment had not those chronological reports
of the army had been published?
I think they would.
How long you think would he have gotten to it?
I really don't know, but I think it would have come about.
At any rate, the issue of the chronological statement of events
did bring about the exposure of this conflict, didn't it?
Yes, sir.
So, would it accomplish some good if these charges were true?
That's the way of putting it, yes.
That's the way it is in its proper perspective, if your charges are true,
the actions of that report immediately caused the response.
That called the attention of the country, a condition in the defense department,
in the department of the army.
That certainly could not be tolerated, it's true.
Don't you agree with me?
It's called it to the attention of the country, I agree with you.
And it's a condition that came out to be tolerated.
I wouldn't want to tolerate it, no.
That's all.
But one other question, if I have more time, I did want to ask you about,
have you helped staff director now?
You have checked the file to determine the documents that you may have in them,
are related to Mr. Shine's work, did you?
Well, actually, I had very little pot in it, sir.
Well, I don't know whether you can and then apply my notes,
but are you prepared to say that the documents that have been turned over to the council
are all that are in the files?
Are you prepared to say, as staff director?
Well, I am not the one who went through the files physically.
I have been advised by those who did that and by Mr. Shine.
That the work which appears here is the, how do you say it?
I'm raised all thanks to what Mr. Shine has been used to.
Well, all I've been trying to do is to get all of them before us.
If I'm trying to find out who can tell us that they're all before the committee now,
can you, I think Mr. Cohn could probably tell you that, but I don't know.
What's your name?
Senator Jackson, any questions?
No questions.
Mr. Cohn, I assume you formulated a file on Ford Monter.
Yes, sir.
What is the date of the first document in that file?
I'm not sure, I think, at some time August, September maybe.
The first document in the file was in August or September.
I think that's right.
What was the first document in that file?
I don't recall.
Well, I think you indicated yesterday that there were memos and certain information that you had dictated
or that come to your attention that was put in the file.
Well, I don't recall that part of the testimony as you was.
As far as you know, there was nothing in the file prior to July or August then.
Well, let me say this, Senator.
The preliminary investigation of this case and all of the cases, I can't say all of the cases,
but most of the cases, is a very informal thing.
The information is gathered.
Sometimes material is received.
This is held as on an informal basis.
Now, in connection with the Port Mama investigation, it's my recollection.
It's only a recollection after these months that one, the investigation was well underway.
Much of this material, which had been in the office, in the possession of the individual working on the case, was assembled into a file.
Yes, but I think that you just testified that the first memos, or a number and other, went into the file with July or August.
I'm only testifying that as I recall, the first memorandum is dated sometime, if I'm during that period yet.
And prior to that time, you don't know of any work that was done on the Port Mama investigation.
Yes, sir. I know of work.
As I said, I don't know. I believe that's the first date of the memorandum.
Well, actually, Mr. Carr, the work didn't get underway.
Full speech, or we say to August, did it?
I would say, yes, August.
That was about the time when you found out that Mr. Shine was going to go into the Army.
That was about the time when I got busy on this case.
Well, but had there really, you took over the Port Mama investigation, had there really been any work done as far as actual investigation at Port Mama?
There had been preliminary work done, so there had been...
What time?
There had been informants developed, and there had been information obtained concerning the situation at Port Mama.
Well, but actually, there hadn't been any specific legwork done on Port Mama.
The large amount of legwork began during that period, I would say, August of come by, yes.
But prior to that, you had the cross-document?
We had the cross-document, yes.
I don't put too much stress on the cross-document as such.
But as a matter of fact, that's a pretty general statement.
It's a general statement. I think it's a very good statement concerning a communist infiltration.
But as an FBI agent, you were pretty well framed in the fact that there's well known that the communists would try to infiltrate halftime for years to infiltrate the military establishment, whether it's the Army, the Navy, the Air Force.
Yes, so I was aware that I don't wish to overrate or underrate the cross-document or random.
The fact that there are the statements in there are undoubtedly accurate.
You know what I can't wait here. To me, the procurement of the system is more of a signal than an important in itself.
Well, he said there were a thousand communists in the Army.
He didn't back up that statement with any specific bill of particular city.
So I didn't place that sort of stress on the cross-document.
As a matter of fact, the selective service act makes no prohibition against the drafting of communists into the armed services.
That's right.
So it's obvious that there's bound to be a certain number of communists in uniform, and particularly in the enlisted reign.
The follow's logic, right, that your bound to get sound, is that right?
That's correct. So you come to the inevitable conclusion that there must be some in uniform.
Yes, but I agree with you. But at some point, if you're going to give an investigation some serious consideration,
at some point something has to be brought to your attention. I think the cross from a random in this case served as a means of bringing it to our attention.
I don't say that I agreed with him and the memorandum that there were.
Mr. Carr, you wouldn't want to leave the impression that what your long experience in the FBI that you need to have someone like Krauts explain to you that there might be communist infiltration in the Army.
You knew that as an FBI agent.
That's correct. I didn't need to memorandum.
I say say the memorandum.
The Krauts document didn't refresh your recollection or give you any new information that you didn't already have.
I don't know. I couldn't agree fully with your statement. I'm agreeing with what you're talking about.
There's some of your language that...
Can you point out anything in the cross documents that you didn't know about before?
Well, no, I don't want to do that.
All right. Well, we won't.
Going to any further detail about that. When did you first see the two-and-a-quarter page FBI document?
I believe that I first saw the two-and-a-quarter page document in this courtroom or just before that.
The day that Mr. McCoffee handed it out here.
Attempted to have the chair read it.
You've never seen it before.
I've never seen it. I knew about it, however.
I was never in the file.
Never in the file downstairs.
Well, how could you conduct this investigation? You're the staff director.
And if you hadn't seen it until the day that you came in, how could you conduct this investigation without having seen that document?
I didn't have to see the document. I knew it was in it.
You were told everything that was in it, but it wouldn't let you see it?
No. It was a pretty hot document, then.
No, I don't... I don't... I'm subscribed to that.
There was no need for me to keep the document or to see the document.
I was told what was in it. I was given the list of the persons who were in it.
I had all the information contained in the document. I had no need for keeping the document.
Well, Mr. Carr, isn't it quite unusual that you as staff director of the committee would not have access to this document and see it?
Yet it would be offered here an evidence to the public.
Well, I don't think it's unusual. I think it would be quite unusual if I was told by the chairman of the committee information.
And I insisted that I had the document to back up what he was telling me.
Yes, but wasn't it the heart of the whole investigation report month?
It was an important part of the investigation, yes.
Well, at pinpoint of the key individual there in Coleman did that, yes?
Well, wouldn't you... did you have any reason why you didn't want to look at the document?
No, I didn't have any. I would look at it.
I looked at it here. You want? I looked at it here.
In the courtroom.
Yes, but you hadn't looked at it up until that time, although you were in charge of the entire investigation that Fort Monmouth directing the staff work.
No, the day that it came down here, I think it's the first time I...
I say, but that's the first time you looked at it, even though you had directed the staff investigation of the Fort Monmouth hearings and investigations.
Yes, I think that's correct.
That's all.
And if I...
Mr. Chairman, I've concluded my examination, Mr. Carr, however I would like to announce that I'm chairman of the Communications Subcommittee of the Interstate Reform Commerce Committee.
And you have hearings which are both phone three times that are most important hearings.
And the hearings on the future of television.
And I both phone Monmouth until... until this afternoon.
And so I want to ask the big excuse for the afternoon seconds, so that we can go ahead with the hearings.
I've seen a little different to tap hearing development television rather than hearings beyond television.
Very good.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to go ahead with the roll of the press.
Mr. Warden, gentlemen.
The filter of the car of the investigation was discussing the coach documents.
The coach documents, the very call.
Here's the fairly good resume of the attempt of the Communist Party to open so better army as I...
Yes, sir. I think it's a good document.
Yes, it's good to have him.
Having worked with the FBI and...
It's not our communism for a number of years having been head of the subversive debt, whatever you call it.
I call it...
You didn't hear anything, Majesty.
I just didn't hear.
You wouldn't need any resume by Mr. Couch.
You had followed information that you gathered over a number of years, I assume.
That's right.
Well, sir, it's sometimes, since I've actually read the crotch document over, but I think that I can generally agree with you.
I want to hand you a...
Documentary, if you can follow that, to say, memographs.
To shoot the paper.
Blancing through that, Mr. Farty, a fine glass.
The Communist International, various communist meetings, communist writers, daily workers, have over the past,
old, 20, 25, 30 years.
Reaffirm that one of their principal targets was the army of every free nation.
Yes, sir.
So that when you came to the committee, you didn't need anyone in the visual to tell you that the military would be a target for the Communist Party.
No, sir.
Mr. Couch, abstract that as of now, we are always going to go ahead of hearings.
Hearing of the which...
The Committee of Mr. Couch, a moderate chairman, having to do with the holding of prisoners of war, by the red, some of them even some World War I.
Yes, I think that we'll be ready, on the partisan writing.
And we've been discussing, well, there enough, this investigation was holding up the investigation of communism.
Is it true that we've got a tremendous backlog of work now?
Great numbers, communists, and defense plans.
Yes, sir, we have knowledge and such.
And instead of investigating communists now, as a result of this investigation, we're spending the time and the very limited funds which we have to investigate, in the fact you, Mr. Couch, myself.
Yes, sir.
The appeal, Mr. Couch, that this calling off of the investigation of communists in canedistries in the military is a great victory for the Communist Party.
Yes, sir, I think it is.
This one or the rest of it.
When you came with my Committee, Mr. Couch, did I...?
Yes, sir.